The process behind wearing apparels in Rimworld as follows

1. Check if a pawn has the part to wear. However, there is a logic hole in the source code.
   If the pawn does not have any parts missing due to injuries, etc., the function will return true.
   It means if the pawn does not have the required part to begin with(a pawn without legs), it
   always "have" the required part to wear.

2. Next, it checks the apparel to wear against worn apparels on the pawn. If they are on different
   layers, they can wear together.

3. If they are on the same layers, the code will check if they are interfering each other.
   There are two entities involved in the check, body part group and body parts. For example,
   a head is a body part, which belongs to FullHead and UpperHead body part group. 

   In the code, body part groups don't carry any information on what body parts they have.
   It is in the defintion of body parts that make clear which body part group they belong.
   That's to say, FullHead has no idea it has a head. It is the head's responsibility to tell
   the code it should be attached to the FullHead body part group. Contrary to popular belief,
   apparels only indicate which body part group they cover but not which body part(s).

   This is what the does for the check. First, it will run through all body parts a pawn has.
   For each body part, it return the body part groups it attaches to(FullHead and UpperHead for the head).
   If an apparel covers any of these body part groups, not only the group that is covered,
   but all the groups are added to a list of interfering body part groups. For example, a hat only
   covers UpperHead body part group, which a head attached to, but both UpperHead and FullHead are
   added to the list. In that sense, if an apparel only covers FullHead cannot be wore together with
   a hat.

   There is one more caveat in this check. The code uses the list of body part groups apparel A covers
   to check if any group is in the list of interfering body part groups of apparel B, but not the
   list of body part groups apparel B covers. For example, two apparels both cover body part group
   legs and a race that has no legs. Because the race has no legs, when the code running through body
   parts to generate the interfering body part group list, "legs" will never be added to the list.
   After the interfering list is generated, let's say for apparel B, the list will be used to see
   if any group in the list is also covered by A, and vice versa. Because group legs is not in the
   interfering list, it will never be in conflict with A. Hence, the check is passed.

   In short, a race without legs can wear as many footware as they want.

   Another example, which more concerns modders: A body part is added to be a body part group.
   Say, "Ear" is added as a body part group. In vanilla, ear is a body part that attached to body
   part group UpperHead and FullHead. If a modder adds a new body part group "Ear", so a pawn can
   wearing earrings, but they forget to amend the body part ear to make it attach to the new body
   part group. What will happen is body part group "Ear" will never show up in the interfering list,
   so the check is always passed.

   This is the end of it.